Jof install peer review edits (#89)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_configuring-red-hat-openstack-platform-overcloud-for-stf.adoc

To configure the {OpenStack} overcloud, you must configure the data collection applications and the data transport to {ProjectShort}:

> . Retrieve the {MessageBus} route address for the `MetricsQdrConnectors` host parameter in `stf-connectors.yaml`. For more information, see <<retrieving-the-qdr-route-address>>.

Reviewer: this step is saying that you have to retrieve a parameter value that you have to enter into a parameter in the stf-connectors.yaml file, which doesn't exist until the next step. should the order of steps be:

1. Log in to the undercloud.
```
$ ssh stack@undercloud
```
2. Source the undercloud credential file:
```
$ source ~/stackrc
```
3. Create a new environment file `stf-connectors.yaml`.
4. Include the {MessageBus} route address in the `MetricsQdrConnectors` parameter in the new environment file. For more information about retrieving the route address, see <<retrieving-the-qdr-route-address>>.

Reviewer 2: That could work. Basically you can either get the address ahead of time, or do it just prior to writing it into a file.

Author: @mcljot Alex what you says makes sense, however, I've been to too many meetings with Bob Johnson! I'm inclined now to leave it as is for the sake of flow and accessibility. Just wanted to acknowledge that you have a very good point at the same time.

. Log in to the {OpenStack} undercloud. Create a file and name it `stf-connectors.yaml`. For more information, see <<creating-stf-connectors>>.

> . Deploy the overcloud with the required environment files. For more information, see <<deploying-the-overcloud>>.

Reviewer: what are the 'required' environment files? are you including the new `stf-connectors.yaml` file in the deployment as well? maybe better to say:

Run the overcloud deployment command and include the `stf-connectors.yaml` file as well as any other environment files relevant to your deployment:
```
$ openstack overcloud deploy --templates \
-e stf-connectors.yaml
-e _OTHER_ENV_FILES_
```

Reviewer 2: There are a couple of other files that need to be included to allow for the default setup:

```
openstack overcloud deploy \
--timeout 100 \
--templates /usr/share/openstack-tripleo-heat-templates \
  --environment-file /usr/share/openstack-tripleo-heat-templates/environments/metrics/ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml \
  --environment-file /usr/share/openstack-tripleo-heat-templates/environments/enable-stf.yaml \
...
```

. Validate the client-side installation. For more information, see <<validating-clientside-installation_completing-the-stf-configuration>>.

[[retrieving-the-qdr-route-address]]
== Retrieving the {MessageBus} route address

When you configure the {OpenStack} overcloud for {ProjectShort}, you must provide the {MessageBus} route address for the `MetricsQdrConnectors` host parameter:

. Log in to your {OpenShift} environment.

> .  Run the `oc get routes` in the `service-telemetry` project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.  Run `oc get routes` in the `service-telemetry` project:
```

> .  Run the `oc get routes` in the `service-telemetry` project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.  Run the `oc get routes` command in the `service-telemetry` project:
```

stf-default-interconnect-5671    stf-default-interconnect-5671-service-telemetry.apps.infra.watch           stf-default-interconnect   5671    passthrough/None   None
stf-default-interconnect-8672    stf-default-interconnect-8672-service-telemetry.apps.infra.watch           stf-default-interconnect   8672    edge/Redirect      None
----
+
Note the value in the `HOST/PORT` column for the `stf-default-interconnect-5671` route.

[[creating-stf-connectors]]
== Creating the {ProjectShort} connection file
Create a file in which you configure the connection of the {MessageBus} on the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment, and enable collection of events and storage of the events in {ProjectShort}:

. Log in to the {OpenStack} undercloud as the `stack` user.

> . Create a configuration file and name it `stf-connectors.yaml` in the `/home/stack`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a configuration file and name it `stf-connectors.yaml` in `/home/stack`.
```

> . In the `stf-connectors.yaml` file, configure the `MetricsQdrConnectors` address to connect the {MessageBus} on the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment. Add the `CeilometerQdrPublishEvents: true` parameter if you are enabling collection of Ceilometer events and transporting them to {ProjectShort}. Replace the `host` parameter with the value that you retrieved in <<retrieving-the-qdr-route-address>>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the `stf-connectors.yaml` file, configure the `MetricsQdrConnectors` address to connect the {MessageBus} on the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment. Add the `CeilometerQdrPublishEvents: true` parameter if you want to enable collection and transport of Ceilometer events to {ProjectShort}. Replace the `host` parameter with the value that you retrieved in <<retrieving-the-qdr-route-address>>:
```
